Awoomoon's Story in a Music Video
I was listening to Outside (feat Ellie Goulding) by Calvin Harris
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=lMQH_xmx1zE&feature=share
And I got inspiration for Awoomoon's story. It would be cool to turn it into a music video, but that's probably never going to happen.
But if it did, it'd probably have several scenes. Here's what they would be.
Scene 1 - Assault during training
Awoomoon is being trained by her dad, then cats attack. They fend them off, but her dad gets severely injured, due to Awoomoon making a mistake.
Awoomoon's dad, in bandages, some limbs amputated, sends her off to the Peacocks to perfect her combat training.
Scene 2 - Peacock training
Awoomoon stares longingly towards her home, then her peacock combat trainer smacks her over the head with a stick to get her to focus. She goes back to her exercises, but he smacks her again because she's not doing it right.
A peacock there befriends her and gives her extra help in doing the exercises and she improves.
She earns her black belt in a few years alongside her peacock friend, smiling proudly.
Then her father comes and drags her back to the wolf clan, she doesn't even get to say goodbye to her peacock friend (Awsoodoo)
Scene 3 - Assassination
Feistiven, Awoomoon, Awsoodoo, queRenari sneak into the cat kingdom at night and assassinate the cat king. Awoomoon and Feistiven kiss.
The cat king's daughter, 
Scene 3 - Battle & Revenge
Feistiven, Awsoodoo in battle against the cats. They manage to take out the cat commander, Feistiven dealing the killing blow. The commander's wife, Pantrinome, cries over her dead husband. She holds a spear up to Awoomoon as she lies in bed, but Feistiven comes up behind her and stabs her. A medic holds up a baby kitten in front of Awoomoon as she nurses her own newborn pups.
(ok maybe only show the part where Pantrinome comes in to kill Awoomoon, to keep the focus on Awoomoon)
Scene 4 - Betrayal
Awsoodoo yells at Awoomoon over her pups, one of them being a kitten. Awoomoon growls and tells him to leave. Awsoodoo picks up the youngling in question, and Awoomoon attacks, making him drop it. Awsoodoo and Awoomoon battle. Awsoodoo knocks Awoomoon down and tries to petrify her. Feistiven tackles Awsoodoo, but Awsoodoo pushes him off and petrifies him enough to make him immobile. Awoomoon attacks, barely avoiding the petrification beam (her tail gets petrified). Awsoodoo counters and knocks her prone. Before he can petrify her, Feistiven grapples him with his feet, and bites his tail off. Feistiven shatters his body, killing him. Awoomoo lunges at Awsoodoo, but her counters her. Realizing his tail is gone, he flees. Awoomoo mourns Feistiven's death, and claims his tooth, which is one of the few things not petrified.
Linger on Awoomoon mourning Feistiven.
Scene 5 - Ersatzica
Timelapse of Awoomoon's pups growing into teen wolves. Then Ersatzica's skin peels off and reveals she's a cat. Awoomoon sighs.
Cut to cats attacking, Awoomoon walking among them, and the cats dying (seemingly) randomly. Ersatzica yells and gets everyone's attention. The cat king tells her to come with her. Awoomoon yells for her to stay. Ersatzica hangs her head and goes with the king.
Awoomoon is angry. She flashes back to losing her mother in Scene 1, losing her bond with her father in Scene 2, losing Awsoodoo's friendship in Scene 3, Feistiven's death in Scene 4, and cut back to her watching Ersatzica get taken away by the cats. She bursts out in anger at her other 3 pups. They hang their hands and drop their weapons.
